create a c-sharp content entry for math funchtion min. (#1741)
Codecademy/docs: content/c-sharp/concepts/math-functions/terms/min/min.md

---
Title: '.Min()'
Description: 'Returns the smaller of two specified numbers.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Numbers'
  - 'Arithmetic'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> # .Min()

Reviewer: Remove this, we don't place h1 headers in entries, the metadata title will do this for us.

Author: header removed

The **`Math.Min()`** method returns the lesser of two specified numbers.

## Syntax

```pseudo
Math.Min(num1, num2)
```

`Math.Min()` returns the lesser value from `num1` and `num2`.

## Example

The following example compares two integers `i1` and `i2` and writes the lesser integer to the console.

```cs
using System;

public class Example {
  public static void Main (string[] args) {
    int i1 = -134, i2 = 268;

    Console.WriteLine("Math.Min (int) = " + Math.Min(i1,i2));
  }
}
```

This example results in the following output:

```shell
Math.Min (int) = -134
```

> Now it's your turn, try changing the values of xint1 and xint2 to see the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Codebyte Example

The following code is runnable and the values of xint1 and xint2 can be changed to see the results.
```

We generally avoid first and second person pronouns, and the codebyte example should have a header.
